{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f35\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f38\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f39\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f40\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f41\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info
{\title DLSU-ITC and Globe Telecom offers Infotext services to students}{\author ISTC}{\operator ISTC}{\creatim\yr2000\mo10\dy5\hr15\min4}{\revtim\yr2000\mo10\dy5\hr15\min4}{\version2}{\edmins3}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords266}{\nofchars1519}{\*\company DLSU}
{\nofcharsws1865}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {D
LSU-ITC and Globe Telecom offer Infotext services to students
\par 
\par \tab During the last Undergraduate Adjustment Period (September 11-12, 2000), the ITC in cooperation with Globe Telecom tested out a new information service which utilizes Short Message Service (S
MS) or more popularly known as text messaging.  The new system, named DLSU Infotext, allows students equipped with a Globe Telecom celluar phone to check the availability and schedule of a subject that they wish to enroll in.  
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {In order to do so, all the student has to do is to send the text message \'93DLSU SUBJ BUSORGA A51\'94, where BUSORGA and A51 are the subject code and section, 
respectively, to telephone number 2333. After a few seconds, the student will receive information on the subject in this format \'93BUSORGA A51 #41; MWF 1030-1130h, Rm M415. As of 1414h 10/05/2000.\'94 
\par If the student just wishes to see the enrollment count of all the sections for a particular subject all he has to do is to send the subject code in the text message in this format \'93DLSU SUBJ BUSORGA\'94 and it will return \'93
BUSORGA C31 #44; C32 #44; A51 #41; As of 1421h 10/05/2000.\'94
\par Due to the favorable responses that we got from the students and administrators of DLSU, it has been decided to offer more DLSU Infotext services such as important DLSU 
announcements (eg. No classes), DLSU contact information (tel, fax, email), e-mail activation, list of dial up lines for faculty and students and a lot more. Also, due to the request of some students, the ITC is also studying the possibility of making thi
s service available via other GSM cellular phone companies (Smart, Islacom and Piltel) in the near future.
\par ITC will be announcing these new services as soon as they are available. Also, the ITC is accepting suggestions or ideas of what other Infotext services to provide, services which the DLSU community will find useful.
\par 
\par \tab - JPUB
\par }}