{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f58\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}{\f75\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f76\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f78\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f79\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f80\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f81\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f82\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f83\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f84\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f86\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f87\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f88\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f89\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f90\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f539\fscript\fcharset238\fprq2 Comic Sans MS CE;}{\f540\fscript\fcharset204\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Cyr;}{\f542\fscript\fcharset161\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Greek;}
{\f543\fscript\fcharset162\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Tur;}{\f546\fscript\fcharset186\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title ITC Friday Night Activities}{\author prio  (joel)}{\operator prio  (joel)}
{\creatim\yr2000\mo10\dy16\hr11\min34}{\revtim\yr2000\mo10\dy16\hr13\min47}{\version3}{\edmins130}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\*\company istc-dlsu}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}\margl1260\margr900\margt720\margb720 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1260\dgvorigin720\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale75\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\scaps\f58\fs36 Fridays @ ITC
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 
\par }{\f58 As agreed upon during the ITC Staff Meeting last term the Friday Night Activities, which were held every Friday of the month was now reduced to two Fridays of each month.  What remains the same, though, is that ITC units will take turn in spons
oring.
\par 
\par \'85..the SMO group went on with a classic movie to kickoff the first sponsored Friday for August.  \'93My Fair Lady\'94, starring Donita Rose look-a-like Audrey Hepburn.  For those ITPs who saw it, aba\rquote y pagbabalik tanaw yon ah!
\par 
\par \'85..and on their next Friday, it was an }{\i\f58 early evening-noontime show}{\f58 .  The success of their \'93PERA o BAYONG\'94 was perhaps, as some analysts would say, brought by the performance of the famed \'93Khendeng Girls & }{\i\f58 Boys}{\f58 
\'94.  If you were not there to see it, oh-mi-gosh you missed the rarest spectacle to ever happen, even rarer than appearance of Haley\rquote s Comet.  Ano \lquote kamo yon\'85 ano pa edi nag sayaw si Brian! (ang kuya ni 
Raymond-Glen). PAMBIHIRA!!!  And to Ms Celine, congratulations for winning the bayong\'85este pera pala.
\par 
\par \'85..the \endash ber months started with a \'93Sing-and-Win\'94 program.  The first Friday Activity by PRIO for September was attended by the }{\i\f58 wannabes.  I wanna be the Mega star, I wanna be Karen C., I wanna be Jaya, I wanna be Frank or Matt}{
\f58 , at marami pang iba.  Although t
he Gong master heard all these wannabes, there was still one group to which the gong was not banged.  For that they won!  The concert was continued by the Gong master and more wannabes later that evening!  Hanep pala si Miss Daisy magconcert, may khendeng
 na, may audience participation pa!
\par 
\par \'85..and because we (most of us) like simple betting games, the last Friday of September was capped by PRIO\rquote s GOBINGO event.  The same group that joined in the \'93Sing-and Win\'94
, was welcomed in the GOBINGO.  ITPs went to the extreme in thinking of the right answers to the GOBINGO Masters\rquote  questions.  Although most of the questions need not be thought about naman pala.  Pero
 grabe si Miss Sexy Ampel (member ng Khendeng Girls) sa pag-alala ng mga celebs & hitshows ng 70s & 80s\'85ang husay pala natin sa mga tanong na JOLOGS!!!  (tip: tandaan na ninyo yung mga trivial stuff dit
o sa office, nicknames, location/cubicle, favorites\'85.teka slumbook na yata iyon ah!  It might come in handy, the next time around) 
\par 
\par }{\b\f58\fs32 KEEP SUPPORTING!!!
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\f58\fs28 &}{\b\f58\fs28  for the other units\'85.}{\b\i\f58\fs32 sana\rquote y mabusog nyo kami}{\b\i\f58\fs28 !!!}{\b\f58\fs28 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1 
\par 
\par 
\par /tbc_jgk 16 Sep 00
\par 
\par }}