{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs36\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Oracle Financials}{\author ISTC}{\operator ISTC}{\creatim\yr2000\mo10\dy12\hr23\min5}
{\revtim\yr2000\mo10\dy12\hr23\min52}{\version9}{\edmins47}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords414}{\nofchars2360}{\*\company DLSU}{\nofcharsws2898}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin
\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs36\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24 Oracle Financials
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {By Vivian Sy
\par 
\par By October 30, 2000, the Accounting Office of the Manila campus should be using only Oracle Financials for its Accounts Receivables (AR), Accounts Payables (AP), and General Ledger (GL) sections.  Targeting October 27 as th
e date when all AR, AP and GL transactions for SY 2000-2001 should have been entered, the Manila team hopes to have abandoned parallel implementation of its 3 modules on both Oracle Financials and the DLS-FAST systems.
\par 
\par It was October of last year when the Manila team first attempted to implement the Oracle Financials system for AR, AP and GL.  Having encountered difficulties in being \'93simultaneously live\'94
 on all 3 modules, the Manila team decided to try to implement the system for the second and last time.  The set-up of all 3 modules had to be redone, and the new starting date was established \endash 
 June 1, 2000.  Data from June 1, 2000 have since been entered for all 3 modules.  As of October 5, 2000, the GL section was finishing data entry of its June and Aug
ust transactions; the AP section finished its June and August transactions, and was finishing its July transactions; the AR section was just starting on its June transactions.  The AR section has since employed additional contractual staff to enter the re
maining transactions so these could be entered by the agreed target date.
\par 
\par Meanwhile, activities for the Payroll module have already commenced.  Training on the module was already conducted with all system school representatives in attendance.  Currently, t
he Manila team is setting up its test environment.  Target date for parallel implementation in the Manila campus is February 2001.
\par 
\par Sammy Mallare is the Project Manager of the Oracle Financials System.  The Manila team is composed of Kay Bondoc (GL, Payrol
l), Noel Santiago (GL), Feny Garcia (GL), Glo Bacani (GL), Ting Palmes (AP), June Fajardo (AP), Fritzie Vergara (AR), Janet Silva (AR), and Jo Buena (Payroll).  Support staff from ITC include James Sy (GL, AR, Payroll), Weng Agustin (GL, Payroll), Harold 
B
autista (AP), Ampel Balanza (AR), Rhaniel Bingcang (GL), and Vivian Sy (AP, AR, Payroll).  Oracle counterparts include Mayet Mendoza (outgoing Project Manager), Tito del Rosario (incoming Project Manager), Grace Ogena (GL, AR, AP consultant), and Mike Hal
lare (Payroll consultant).
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Anything Goes
\par By Vivian Sy
\par 
\par The newest ITC Team Building Activity, Anything Goes, will already begin on October 16, 2000.  4 groups within ITC will compete every week to earn the most points by the time the ITC Christmas party
 will be held.  The team with the most points will, of course, win a prize!
\par 
\par Anything Goes was initially implemented within SMO by Brian Co.  Because some staff would spend time during lunch breaks and after office hours figuring out what the puzzles meant, ITC Team Building Committee (TBC) 
Chairperson Amy Salcedo proposed that this be implemented office-wide via the TBC.  Initial implementation comprised basically of posting copies of the puzzles and distributing these to the CFO and DAO/DOCU bulletin boards.  
\par 
\par After enough of a compilation of puzzles was set up (thanks to Brian Co and Loveleah Malig), the activity was finally launched during the October 3 ITC Staff Meeting.   The mechanics of the activity are simple:  (1) a new set of 6 puzzles
 will be posted every 2 weeks; (2) the teams should submit their answers (ASAP) by e-mail to Vivian Sy, and the first team to answer all 6 puzzles correctly will earn a point
; (3) the points earned by each group will be e-mailed to all the ITC staff before a new puzzle is posted; and (4) the team with the most points will be declared winner during the ITC Christmas party.
\par 
\par The groupings are as follows:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft540\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \trftsWidth3\trwWidth4650\trautofit1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clcfpat9\clcbpat8\clshdng5000\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1179 \cellx1719\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 
\clcfpat9\clcbpat8\clshdng5000\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 \cellx2876\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clcfpat9\clcbpat8\clshdng5000\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 \cellx4033\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clcfpat9\clcbpat8\clshdng5000\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 \cellx5190\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\b\i\cf8 
Group 1
\par \cell Group 2
\par \cell Group 3
\par \cell Group 4
\par \cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\b\i\cf8 \trowd \trgaph108\trleft540\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 
\trftsWidth3\trwWidth4650\trautofit1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clcfpat9\clcbpat8\clshdng5000\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1179 
\cellx1719\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clcfpat9\clcbpat8\clshdng5000\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 \cellx2876\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 
\clcfpat9\clcbpat8\clshdng5000\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 \cellx4033\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clcfpat9\clcbpat8\clshdng5000\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 \cellx5190
\row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft540\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \trftsWidth3\trwWidth4650\trautofit1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1179 \cellx1719\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 \cellx2876
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 \cellx4033\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 
\cellx5190\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {Sammy
\par Ronald
\par Eileen
\par Cata
\par Leah
\par Jeff
\par Dette
\par Lemuel
\par Ed}{\b \cell }{Bry
\par James
\par Amy
\par Weng
\par Sally
\par Gary
\par Nick
\par Ricky
\par Jun
\par Agnes\cell Francis
\par Johnny
\par Joel
\par Lorna
\par Celine
\par Boyet
\par Daisy
\par Ampel
\par Jhun
\par Noel\cell Harold
\par Albert
\par Tricia
\par JC
\par Rhaniel
\par Glen
\par Jean
\par Joie
\par Leo\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\trowd \trgaph108\trleft540\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 
\trftsWidth3\trwWidth4650\trautofit1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1179 \cellx1719\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 \cellx2876\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 \cellx4033\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1157 \cellx5190\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par Guys and gals, don\rquote t worry about your groups \'85  as much as possible, distribution was made based on the number of girls/guys, coordinators, seniors, and office staff (i.e. OD, CFO, CLO, DAO/DOCU, PRIO and SMO).
\par 
\par The prize?  Well, just play the game, ITC dudes and dudettes, and Director Sammy Mallare will take care of the rest \'85
\par }}